article
An article in a journal, magazine, newspaper, or other periodical which forms a
self-contained unit with its own title. The title of the periodical is given in the
journaltitle field. If the issue has its own title in addition to the main title of
the periodical, it goes in the issuetitle field. Note that editor and related
fields refer to the journal while translator and related fields refer to the article.
Required fields: author, title, journa, year/date
Optional fields: translator, annotator, commentator, subtitle,
titleaddon, editor, editora, editorb, editorc, journalsubtitle,
journaltitleaddon, issuetitle, issuesubtitle,
issuetitleaddon, language, origlanguage, series, volume,
number, eid, issue, month, pages, version, note, issn, addendum,
pubstate, doi, eprint, eprintclass, eprinttype, url, urldate

book
Required fields: author, title, year/date
Optional fields: editor, editora, editorb, editorc, translator,
annotator, commentator, introduction, foreword, afterword,
subtitle, titleaddon, maintitle, mainsubtitle, maintitleaddon,
language, origlanguage, volume, part, edition, volumes, series,
number, note, publisher, location, isbn, eid, chapter, pages,
pagetotal, addendum, pubstate, doi, eprint, eprintclass,
eprinttype, url, urldate

dataset
A data set or a similar collection of (mostly) raw data.
Required fields: author/editor, title, year/date
Optional fields: subtitle, titleaddon, language, edition, type,
series, number, version, note, organization, publisher,
location, addendum, pubstate, doi, eprint, eprintclass,
eprinttype, url, urldate

misc
A fallback type for entries which do not fit into any other category. Use the field
howpublished to supply publishing information in free format, if applicable. The
field type may be useful as well. author, editor, and year are omissible in
terms of § 2.3.2.
Required fields: author/editor, title, year/date
Optional fields: subtitle, titleaddon, language, howpublished,
type, version, note, organization, location, month, addendum,
pubstate, doi, eprint, eprintclass, eprinttype, url, urldate

proceedings
A single-volume conference proceedings. This type is very similar to @collection.
It supports an optional organization field which holds the sponsoring institution.
The editor is omissible in terms of § 2.3.2.
Required fields: title, year/date
Optional fields: editor, subtitle, titleaddon, maintitle,
mainsubtitle, maintitleaddon, eventtitle, eventtitleaddon,
eventdate, venue, language, volume, part, volumes, series,
number, note, organization, publisher, location, month, isbn,
eid, chapter, pages, pagetotal, addendum, pubstate, doi, eprint,
eprintclass, eprinttype, url, urldate

report
A technical report, research report, or white paper published by a university or some
other institution. Use the type field to specify the type of report. The sponsoring
institution goes in the institution field.
Required fields: author, title, type, institution, year/date
Optional fields: subtitle, titleaddon, language, number, version,
note, location, month, isrn, eid, chapter, pages, pagetotal,
addendum, pubstate, doi, eprint, eprintclass, eprinttype, url,
urldate

thesis
A thesis written for an educational institution to satisfy the requirements for a degree.
Use the type field to specify the type of thesis.
Required fields: author, title, type, institution, year/date
Optional fields: subtitle, titleaddon, language, note, location,
month, isbn, eid, chapter, pages, pagetotal, addendum, pubstate,
doi, eprint, eprintclass, eprinttype, url, urldate

unpublished
A work with an author and a title which has not been formally published, such as
a manuscript or the script of a talk. Use the fields howpublished and note to
supply additional information in free format, if applicable.
Required fields: author, title, year/date
Optional fields: subtitle, titleaddon, type, eventtitle,
eventtitleaddon, eventdate, venue, language, howpublished,
note, location, isbn, month, addendum, pubstate, doi, eprint,
eprintclass, eprinttype, url, urldate

mastersthesis
*thesis
Similar to @thesis except that the type field is optional and defaults to the
localised term ‘Master’s thesis’. You may still use the type field to override that.

phdthesis
*thesis
Similar to @thesis except that the type field is optional and defaults to the
localised term ‘PhD thesis’. You may still use the type field to override that.

techreport
*report
Similar to @report except that the type field is optional and defaults to the
localised term ‘technical report’. You may still use the type field to override that.
